"The first and best victory is to conquer self.”-Plato

"You can never conquer the mountain. You can only conquer yourself.”-Jim Whittaker

"Talent without discipline is like an octopus on roller skates. There's plenty of movement, but you never know if it's going to be forward, backwards, or sideways.”-H. Jackson Brown, Jr. 
"I think the guys who are really controlling their emotions ... are going to win.”-Tiger Woods
 "Beware of endeavoring to become a great man in a hurry. One such attempt in ten thousand may succeed. These are fearful odds.”-Benjamin Disraeli 
"Let me . . . ; remind you that it is only by working with an energy which is almost superhuman and which looks to uninterested spectators like insanity that we can accomplish anything worth the achievement. Work is the keystone of a perfect life. Work and trust in God.”-Woodrow Wilson

"We are what we repeatedly do, excellence then is not an act, but a habit.”-Aristotle

"Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound. The man who does not shrink from self-crucifixion can never fail to accomplish the object upon which his heart is set. This is true of earthly as of heavenly things. Even the man whose object is to acquire wealth must be prepared to make great personal sacrifices before he can accomplish his object; and how much more so he who would realize a strong and well-poised life.”-James Allen 
"Nothing is more harmful to the service, than the neglect of discipline; for that discipline, more than numbers, gives one army superiority over another.”-George Washington 
"There are no short cuts to any place worth going.”-Beverly Sills
 "Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.”-Mark Twain 
"If we don't discipline ourselves, the world will do it for us.”-William Feather
 "Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.”-Lao Tzu 
"Well begun is half done.”-Aristotle
 "Rule your mind or it will rule you.”-Horace
 "Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.”-Thomas á Kempis 
"Success is actually a short race—a sprint fueled by discipline just long enough for habit to kick in and take over.”-Gary Keller

"Success is a matter of understanding and religiously practicing specific, simple habits that always lead to success.”-Robert J. Ringer
 "A successful career will no longer be about promotion. It will be about mastery.”-Michael Hammer